gtoumbas_swaseem

George Toumbas, Shanzay Waseem, Assignment 2


Contributions:

George: 

I edited reg_db.py ito change how the inputs were being received as they are no longer command-line arguments. I also edited how the data was being returned. I was responsible for creating the sockets and their transfers, ensuring that all the sockets and connections were transient.  In addition, I created the window for reg_details with display_class_details(), matching it the reference given. Using the code from class, I wrote regserver.py. Furthermore, I wrote a python script which reads arguments from a txt file and compares the outputs of our program with the outputs of the reference .pyc files. Using this program, I tested regdetails.py on every entry classid and tested reg.py against all example args on the assignment page + some additional args.  


Shanzay: 

I wrote reg.py, focusing on the execution with -h as a command line argument. I then worked on creating the window display for 'Princeton University Class Search' with ClientWindow. As now the inputs came from the textboxes when the submit button was clicked, I was responsible for making the submit button work and ensuring the data was being transferred to regserver.py. In addition, I worked on display_search_results, to make the returned data look in the ListWidget just as it did in the example. Once our code was completed, I handled the pylint checking and the readme file.

Outside Help:
Just python online documentation.

Sources of Information: 
https://docs.python.org/3/howto/argparse.html --> this is where we got the information for argparse

Time Spent: ~17 hours

Assesment of Assignment:

I thoroughly enjoyed this assignment as a very stark contrast to the learnings I took away from the first one. As both my partner and I have no background with GUI, and in particular with PyQt5, we learnt a lot about the front-end of web applications and the difficulty, but also importance, of creating a user-friendly design. We also learnt the different manners to visualize data and interact with users through an interface, and find these teachings particularly useful for our 333 project and other future projects. A suggestion for improvement would be to perhaps provide the information for the exact specifications of the exampler windows in terms of font for the text, the look in itself, etc. Much of the design was guess work and just from looking, seeing if there was a difference in our window and the example one.  

